.TH "clapt" "1" "Septermber 1, 2016" "clapt 0.1" "APT-ClamAV Binder Utility"
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
clapt \- update/upgrade APT packages and scan system for viruses
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.LP 
clapt --complete | [--update] | [--upgrade] | [--upscan] | [--fullscan] | [--clean] | {-V | --version} | {-h | --help}
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
clapt is a command line utility that combines APT package updates and upgrades with anti-virus scanning using ClamAV.
.LP
clapt is not an anti-virus program nor a utilitiy that will replace APT or apt-get but rather a small command-line utility that combines some of the APT options with the freshclam and clamscan utility. 
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
Most of the options are simple switches which enable or disable some features. To run all the features included in the program, simply run clapt without including any option.
.TP
\fB\-\-complete\fR
Updates and upgrade APT packages, then perform updates for the ClamAV virus database before performing a virus scan on the client's home directory.
.TP 
\fB\-\-update\fR
Run update only to resynchronize the APT package index from their sources (similar to running `apt-get update` at the command-line).
.TP 
\fB\-\-upgrade\fR
Run upgrade to install the newest versions for all APT packages currently installed on the system from the sources enumerated in /etc/apt/sources.list (similar to running `apt full-upgrade` at the command-line).
.TP
\fB\-\-upscan\fR
Run update for the ClamAV virus database, then perform a thorough virus scan on the clients's home directory.
.TP
\fB\-\-fullscan\fR
Run update for the ClamAV virus database, then perform a full system scan (might take a little while).
.TP
\fB\-\-clean\fR
Clears out the local repository of retrieved package files and remove packages that were automatically installed to satisfy dependencies for other packages and are now no longer needed.
.TP 
\fB\-h, \-\-help\fR
Print help information and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-V, \-\-version\fR
Print version number and exit.
.SH BUGS
.LP
If you wish to report a bug in clapt, please see /usr/share/doc/debian/bug-reporting.txt or the reportbug(1) command. You can also send the Author an email via the Author's email address below. 
.SH "AUTHOR"
.LP 
Rasmus van Guido <goldenfinch.net@zoho.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.LP 
apt-get(8), APT(8), The APT User's guide in /usr/share/doc/apt-doc/, apt_preferences(5), the APT Howto, freshclam(1), freshclam.conf(5), clamscan(1)
